lab3/animals/Aves.java
 lab3.animals.Aves
lab3/animals/Strix.java
 lab3.animals.Strix
lab5/Main.java
 lab5.Main
lab1/Walk.java
 lab1.Walk
lab3/animals/Tasmaniensis.java
 lab3.animals.Tasmaniensis
lab3/animals/Vombatidae.java
 lab3.animals.Vombatidae
lab7/Main.java
 lab7.Main
lab3/animals/Strigidae.java
 lab3.animals.Strigidae
lab3/animals/Hirsutus.java
 lab3.animals.Hirsutus
lab1/Move.java
 lab1.Move
lab1/Hero.java
 lab1.Hero
lab2/SizeIsTooLarge.java
 lab2.SizeIsTooLarge
lab3/animals/Diprotodontia.java
 lab3.animals.Diprotodontia
lab2/Matrix.java
 lab2.Matrix
lab1/Point.java
 lab1.Point
lab1/Teleport.java
 lab1.Teleport
lab3/animals/Chordate.java
 lab3.animals.Chordate
lab3/animals/Dorsalis.java
 lab3.animals.Dorsalis
lab1/Fly.java
 lab1.Fly
lab3/animals/Ursinus.java
 lab3.animals.Ursinus
lab3/animals/Macropus.java
 lab3.animals.Macropus
lab3/animals/Aluco.java
 lab3.animals.Aluco
lab3/animals/Tytonidae.java
 lab3.animals.Tytonidae
lab4/Main.java
 lab4.Main
lab6/Main.java
 lab6.Main
lab2/DivisionByZero.java
 lab2.DivisionByZero
lab3/animals/Macropodidae.java
 lab3.animals.Macropodidae
lab3/animals/Agilis.java
 lab3.animals.Agilis
lab3/animals/Phodilus.java
 lab3.animals.Phodilus
lab3/animals/Nebulosa.java
 lab3.animals.Nebulosa
lab3/animals/Strigiformes.java
 lab3.animals.Strigiformes
lab2/Main.java
 lab2.Main
lab3/animals/Mammals.java
 lab3.animals.Mammals
lab2/UnableToOpenFile.java
 lab2.UnableToOpenFile
lab1/Main.java
 lab1.Main
lab3/animals/Badius.java
 lab3.animals.Badius
lab3/animals/Assimilis.java
 lab3.animals.Assimilis
lab1/Run.java
 lab1.Run
lab3/Queue.java
 lab3.Queue
 lab3.Queue$Node
lab3/Main.java
 lab3.Main
